everybody welcome and relying plays the
binding of issac address plus excuse
this is the wrong save file I was like
negative one streak that doesn't seem
right so on the last run we dated as
Lazarus the game got mildly harder if I
remember correctly these two levels
without taking damage eve judas kane
maggie seven plus heart containers how
do we not have 7 plus hard containers
yet probably because we keep giving away
our HP to deals with the devil kept 616
Minnesota that's going to be our seed
today nothing to concern ourselves with
Isaac's been fun we've been having some
good runs lately some tricky runs I
don't know like if I regressed in terms
of my own personal skill level one
second I've find myself
shouting here that's usually an
indication that I've got the game turned
up too loud by myself talking over
myself which is normally not I mean it
just gets you caught in this feedback
loop world where eventually you're like
you know everybody was already you know
they don't want to do that I want to
have a voice when I'm 40 years old do I
ever want to use it
no preferably not but I do want to still
be able to talk if possible not that
likely it's an exhausting job
necessarily but you get the idea you
know I would if possible prefer to keep
my vocal health important as I've gotten
older probably because I sit at a
computer yelling into a microphone all
day there's two parts of my body I care
about more than any else what is that
your your heart and your kidneys snow
hardened lungs nope brain and liver no
no of course not
it's my voice and my rib eye once every
like three or four months I wake up with
just this terrible wrist pain and I'm
like I'm so close to like recalibrating
my setup to be mildly more ergonomic and
I know you're saying you're watching
this and you're going oh you know NL you
don't understand wrist pain you know you
want to be one of those nerds who wears
a wrist protector when they work as a
you know Ruby on Rails programmer at a
bank or something like yeah first off
it's probably COBOL but secondly
yeah I think I should get those wrist
guards it might be lame to look I mean
it's certainly you're not going to be
like the coolest guy on the block
wearing a wrist guard on the other hand
you know you might have risks alive when
you get to be like slightly older I
think that's important but I feel the
same way about wrist guards that I feel
about bicycle helmets so many times
we'll be in twitch ad people will be
like I don't wear bicycle helmets I just
choose not to fall off my bicycle that's
ignorant you say Oh what about seat
belts they go of course I wear a seat
belt I'm not an idiot I don't find them
too different you know you sure bad
drivers could hit you even if you're
driving well but they can hit you on a
bike too anyway all I'm saying is wear a
helmet do you need to have a wrist guard
maybe maybe not depends how much time
you spend on the computer and the kind
of setup that you got going on there but
I'm no longer concerned with looking
cool as an adult I have to look cool
only occasionally let's be honest I'm
not trying to score acting roles I'm not
trying to sell you ebooks I don't have
to look cool I just have to be
comfortable in having wrists back or
alive when I'm in my middle-age would be
nice you know I throw a spiral with my
imaginary child that's a joke obviously
I don't know how to throw a spiral in
fact I went to school in Canada because
I'm Canadian nobody in my high school
really knew how to throw a spiral my
high school has a football team but they
got one after I graduated and apparently
there's a long legacy of them stinking
which is fine you know it's high school
football in Canada what's your upper
ceiling try to play a high college
football in Canada who says most who's
the best Canadian football player ever
I'm not saying in the Canadian Football
League I'm they are there many Canadians
or even any Canadians who ever made a
you know multi-year career in the NFL
I'm ed this is an honest-to-god question
I don't know the answer
let's just go fight monstro
what is this is like run seven or eight
so we got to be getting pretty close to
permanently unlocking Sheol I think
which I don't know when do we unlock the
Polaroid when do we unlock Sheol when do
we unlock the Cathedral I don't remember
and I'm gonna try to avoid looking it up
so I can continue to be a little bit
surprised by what we're coming across
here I'm not insulting my countryman you
know I we're just not necessarily the
greatest football or soccer players in
the world and we got to accept that
we've got ice hockey we've had a great
recent track record with ice hockey that
I'm very appreciative of I think this is
our first Krampus putter eternal we
fought him once before and unlocked
Krampus is head we need lump of coal you
know what this might be a good run to
try to unlock Maggi at this point but we
think about this no okay um
anyway we'll see we got a good track
record with ice hockey I always end up
being surprised in the Olympics as well
you know they'll be like oh the number
one buy athlete is from Canada and
you're like I had no idea it's honestly
a major surprise to me it turns out
behind the scenes we got people
apparently training for the Olympics or
something I always thought you just sort
of showed up and we're good at it
so joking of course I will give this a
shot and a huge fan of what we got out
of that actually now on ironically a
huge fan of what we got out of that um
not going to let me gain access to the
item room huh it's a little bit of a
jerk move I'm going to be honest I'm
going to try for a secret room here I am
going to try for a secret room here we
already tried here and it wasn't there
so sadly I think we're just out I did
open a golden chest on the last floor so
I have to admit responsibility to some
degree it's very unfortunate
at least we got a really good item so we
don't feel too bad about it but kind of
a bummer
our angel statue is like do they even
exist in our game right now I'm not sure
I want that I want all of that as well
not too much I can do about it though I
think I've got an honest-to-goodness
question when the hell will it end what
are you talking about Northern Line
current events political stuff war
famine disease no movie theater snacks
I've grown up you know I've been on this
great earth for 28 years when I was a
kid to go to the movies to get popcorn
and say they got popcorn sodas and
candies got a little older first
evolution nachos hot dogs hamburgers
pizza slices they installed a Slurpee
machine and even then I didn't stand up
I didn't say what are we doing here we
getting away from the things that are
important instead I just topped it out
sometimes they even got a Slurpee myself
I gave in to the temptation now science
has gone too far our movie theater has a
Starbucks in I can't help myself you
want to get like a hey can I get a venti
americano it's 10:50 p.m. I want to pee
19 times while watching spider-man
homecoming which I thought was a
genuinely delightful fun movie that in
my personal opinion was about an eight
and a half out of ten one of the one of
the most enjoyable Marvel movies of the
year and we can say that now because
there's like 20 a year I liked it I
think a little bit more than Doctor
Strange even though Doctor Strange is
still good in my opinion I liked it a
lot more than guardians of the galaxy -
even though I did like guardians of the
galaxy - as well
I'd give his number one out of the last
three my mr. Aiman I'm not counting
Logan Logan is transcendental it's
otherworldly it's haunting now went to
the movie theater last I was even
talking about the Starbucks they didn't
actually get a copy at 11 p.m. that's
ridiculous plus it was like $8 I'm not
paying $8 for coffee not until they you
know
of the rollout of twitch Prime at least
they now have flavor boosters for
popcorn when you get popcorn they go oh
do you want some flavor boosters I said
of course the rational thing with the
heck is a flavor booster and the person
mind the cash didn't even have the
decency to explain it to me like a human
being like I'm anything more than cattle
to them she just picked up this little
laminated placard she had and pointed at
it and she was like you can get you know
M&Ms or score pieces in your popcorn I
said no because that's too far I don't
think you can just put one food into
another food and call it a booster I
don't think you can put a hotdog inside
of a pizza crust and say it's a crust
booster I'm trying not to give young
brands any ideas here that was close
candy on the side sure but even then I
start to call into question if whether
whether or not we really need this is a
society you know thank god that's a
great opportunity for us I don't I don't
not care about compost but I wanted to
see if there's a spirit Arden here
already the number one coupon at the
movie their number one combo at the
movie theaters too much for one person
to eat probably too much for two people
leave it's one like 22 gallon soda you
say gallons because it makes it sound
larger it's for centiliters no it's it's
like a it's a very very large soda like
an oil drum filled with pasty a medium
popcorn which is the size of the Hubble
telescope which I'm assuming is large
but I've never actually seen it in real
life and then a small candy of your
choice it's too much that's too much
food to eat over the course of two hours
and like still feel good about keys
please keyed for F to run and then you
want to put some candy into the popcorn
as well it's ridiculous you need to
start making longer movies to make that
a cost-effective decision like if I went
to the theater and we were watching like
battleship potemkin I might consider it
but apart from that it's not conceivable
it's like a 2,300 calorie snack
but I can't resist and this is where it
all comes back around I I think I am a
strong person in many ways I don't get
rattled easily
I have resilience I'm not prone to
lashing out I'm not quick-tempered
I try to make responsible decisions if
you put a bag of popcorn in front of me
I can't not eat all the popcorn I will
eat all the popcorn until I feel
physically ill I don't know if it's like
you know thanks a lot ancestors back in
the day we lived unlike a corn
plantation you know in what is now Idaho
or something like that all my ancestors
ate was corn all day
if the popped variety and now I
inherited this like you know
biologically or evolutionarily redundant
preference required even like corn that
much like of course Jonathan Davis's
band is amazing but corn on the cob I'm
for it corn just like you know shaved
off the cob and then served on the side
of a meal I'm okay with it but it's not
my favorite but for some reason popcorn
and by some reason I mean obviously heat
butter and salt I can't resist they're
on the same level as like tortilla chips
for me it takes a lot for me to admit
this because it's not becoming of an
adult but I cannot not eat popcorn if
you ever wanted to set a trap to catch a
northern lion just be like hey I bought
this platform but I'm not feeling well
because you want it I will eat all the
popcorn you don't even need to poison it
just give me a lot of popcorn I'll be
like a bird I'll just keep eating until
I explode is that an urban myth I don't
know same thing with tortilla chips you
could put me in a review put me in a
room just me and like ten boxes of Oreos
you could trust that you could come back
in six hours I wouldn't have eaten the
Oreos I know some people they have a
sweet tooth can't resist that and of
course when I say canvased I mean like
would prefer not to exercise the
self-control required to resist you
could leave me in trust of your Oreos
there's no problem I will never eat your
Oreos unless you give me
but never leave me in charge of us a
vault full of popcorn it's never going
to work the only the only winning move
is not to play
we do have an angel deal chance here
which is actually pretty sweet because
we can get items while keeping our our
HP to possibly unlock Maggie now why
would we want to unlock Maggie good
question as long as we can get to 6a
well the answer is because we have but
if you want to get the six HP or if you
want to get Maggie unlocked I'll be in
to do is get to six HP and then use the
strength card and that should count I
believe that will fulfill the required
conditions I don't want to do this but I
felt kind of like shoehorn into that I
put myself in a bad spot there enough
money to buy a red heart we do want to
go to the curse rooms if we can here so
just don't pop the strength card like an
idiot and try to get xbox TiVo shots to
pop when he's vulnerable how are we
going to do that essentially the only
way I think is to just spam expose TiVo
shots and then hopefully you'll get more
chances in the lottery this runs good
though next we'll see those carrying a
lot for us
Oh spelunker boi cheeps samson unlocked
we didn't take any damage what we
haven't taken any damage throughout all
of the caves oh I wonder if the blood
bank counts but if sincerely if we
haven't taken damage throughout any of
the caves we might as well just go down
and see if this unlocks Sampson now
instead of good yeah okay good I thought
if we went to the curse room it might
cancel out that so technically the right
decision was probably go to go to the
curse room but from from a more meta
like long-term standpoint I think we
made the right decision here anyway
what's your snack of choice is the movie
theater I honestly Emma no food is the
movie theater kind of guy because I
can't be trusted with it I've got I find
myself doing like war rations with a
one-kilogram bag of cotton or not cotton
candy popcorn
I like to be so full when I go to the
movie theater that I'm not tempted I
know much is made of like you know
concession prices I understand you know
the movie theater is there running a
business and most of the ticket price
proceeds go to the studio but I still I
just prefer not to buy concessions
because it actually negatively impacts
my enjoyment of the movie frozen I enjoy
menteur about the first 15 minutes and
then after that I'm just thinking should
I have more popcorn no but I'm going to
anyway I'm like a five-year-old child I
do the same thing in sporting events I
would much rather eat before the
sporting event because then when you got
to get out of your chair you know you go
onto the concourse and it's really busy
and so you know you're walking into
drunk people all the time and you're
like hey I'm trying to get drunk can you
mind your own business you know some of
us aren't there yet I've got to go pee
in a trough with a bunch of other dudes
wearing the same shirt as you it's a
very strange event I do apologise for my
city somewhat recently there does our
deal with anything champs my parents
came over like last September September
2016 we went to a Vancouver Canucks vs.
Edmonton Oilers preseason game and we
sat next to these douchebags and I don't
use that term lightly but they were like
sauced up to an enormous degree what'd
you do at a hockey game from time to
time without a doubt they're like 30
years old
they were throwing I wish it weren't
this because it makes the story sound
more I'm sound more unbelievable but
they were throwing popcorn like trying
to throw it onto the ice nobody was
stepping up to stop him and I wasn't
going to do it it's like I don't want to
get my butt kicked in front of my dad
that's like the most emasculating thing
you can't for imagine but you know
eventually after the second period they
just left and never came back I don't
know if they got removed or what but I'm
sorry
some people are jerks don't be that guy
I trust that everybody watching this
sometimes you can accidentally be a jerk
by like non maliciously just being
unaware of social norms like I worked
with a lady when I was in Korea one time
I got on the bus with her
and she just took out a like fingernail
clipper and started clipping her nails
on the bus and I was like this is a
public place since she's late oh is that
rude and I was like I don't know if it's
rude not like I don't think you're a
mean person for doing it it's just a
little weird right and she's like oh
cage put the finger narrow fingernail
clippers away I think that happens a lot
like I think we're all accidentally
jerks in a lot of situations I'm
probably an accidental jerk all the time
and I think highlighting accidental jerk
are' is kind of something that we do on
the show from time to time on the NL SS
that HP I please aim at amis I'm second
I had to close this it's not making it
framing it's just I got a lot of stuff
open in the background here should be
better there's no reason to have like 12
active tabs open when you're doing
something else mom I'm at work right now
I'm trying to think of an example that
fits the bill I in the grocery store I
cut in front of people all the time the
grocery store aisles are really thin I
will if I know what I want from a
grocery aisle and you're like hanging
out there comparing 12 different types
of granola bars I'm going to sneak in
there I'm going to push my car do
whatever available gap there is and I'm
going for it because that interaction is
like in and out you know we're not going
to have a conversation about it I'm just
going to excuse me and then I mean I
don't know if that's accidentally being
a jerk but I'm sure there have been
times where people have come back from
the grocery store been like this little
tour push past me in the grocery store
today Kiki's blood honey I don't want to
kick anybody's button
mostly because I never have so I think I
wouldn't be very good at it although
like all nerds I maintain that there is
a devil up inside of me and if you rile
me up to the point where I get that
angry watch out because you're going to
catch these hands I think it's our job
as understanding individuals which I'm
sure we all are for watching these
videos I like to think we're kindred
spirits
despite the probabilistic unlikelihood
of that I tried uh we've got a separate
accidental douchery from purposeful
Boucherie malicious douchery somebody
who is this is a real story that I know
is going to sound suspiciously fake we
got our car like two years ago it's
maybe a week after that we were driving
in downtown Vancouver it's a bit of a
madhouse
kate is trying to change lanes she puts
on her left signal light looks to you
know checks her mirror checks her blind
spot tons of room she goes to get into
the lane the car that was behind her in
the other lane that she wanted to get
into sped up blocked her position and
then looked over I was in the car with
her looked over and did like a nonono
gesture with their hand like as if like
oh you thought you could pass me that is
such malicious douchebaggery that you
just first off on in one way you've got
to admire it you got to be like oh my
god you actually just don't care about
being a good person and in a way I
wouldn't say I'm in Myron's of that in
fact it's quite the opposite I find it
very sad that because you know that
person's the reason for that is they've
been wrong so many times in their life
that they're like well if everybody's
gonna try to screw me I'm just going to
screw everybody and it's a very sad way
to look at the the world I think that a
lot of people do look at the world like
that
I'm not going to say increasingly lately
but you know it's I see it before like
you know well everybody's trying to
screw everybody so just get ahead
however you can the sad world view in my
opinion if you hold that view you're
contributing to the problem you've
surrendered basically you've surrendered
you're no longer the good guy in the
movie don't you want to be the good guy
in your own movie you've gone from being
you know in an affable Ben Stiller
comedy to being like Michael Douglas and
falling down
you don't want to don't want to do that
I promise you stay on the light side
it's better this way don't become kylo
Ren even though he does have a cool
lightsaber didn't get them all
we're not going to get boss rush and
that's ok it runs good but it's not
quite that good it's close so that guy
if there's a hell I hope he goes there I
can't imagine that he wouldn't you know
maybe he's a really nice guy at home
yeah maybe he's a total dick in traffic
all day and then he goes home and like
hugs his daughters definitely that's
that strikes me as the kind of thing
that's incredibly plausible no he
definitely like kicks his dog I do like
the huge growth killed card parasites
appeared we've got enough head idols
that what happen there I don't know but
then you know somebody cuts you off in
traffic and then they wave at you in the
rearview mirror you just got to go you
know what today you tomorrow me that's
my two of those two of those will do it
that's my perspective at least you know
just by living your life you're going to
be a jerk from time to time you need to
get somewhere other people need to get
somewhere you're going to everyone at
some point has to say my interest Trump
your interest for now but then if you
apologize afterwards you're you're in
the clear as far as I'm concerned do
this is a good on lock Maggy plus some
other things
I would what do I care about more
options you've seen all the item rooms
as an old NL mistake we're trying to
separate that no more old NL mistakes I
try to highlight that when I bring up
these bids on the show you know
everybody is the hero of their own story
I didn't come up with that quote well
maybe I did I'll take the credit for it
either way please God there's six of
these there's got to be some copy items
there's one I'll settle for two I'll
still settle for two I'll settle for one
it turns out so I think when people are
you know mild jerks you can mine it for
humor a little bit but you can't like
don't genuinely get mad about it
if someone's like a real jerk if it only
affects you in a way that's minor I
think you just got to laugh like when
that dude cut us off and in traffic and
did the no no no gesture I just laughed
because I was like oh my god this guy
has never had a blowjob I wasn't
actually the first thought that came to
on mine but I was like this something's
wrong with this guy if he's passed on
his genes I hope your kids hate him wait
let me rephrase that this is very
inelegant if he has kids I hope his kids
hate him because that means his kids are
good people I don't want I don't wish
their kids to suffer by hating their dad
but if their kids love their dad and
they're of a certain age like above a
certain age they have a certain level of
autonomy you've just introduced more
douchery into the world so I hope your
kids have grown up enough to hate you
and they've decided not to become like
you in that vein and that vein only you
succeeded as a parent look I don't know
you maybe he's a good dad probably not
though because I only know one thing
about him and it makes him look like a
terrible person anyway
all I'm saying is that I wish she was
dead I'm not I'm not hoping that he dies
I just wish that he had never existed in
the first place not because it would
make my life better but because planet
Earth would be better at not having this
into it like if somebody cuts you off
you can and then they wave or even if
they don't wave you could just be like
you know they're having a bad day
somebody yells at you and then they come
to you and they're like sorry things are
really tough at home right now you go
that's okay it happens to all of us and
it really does you know part of being an
adult is putting your pride aside and
apologizing like yours truly did after
episode 90 player unknowns battlegrounds
it you know everybody's going to have
times where they're going to get mad
react in a way that is not appropriate
and what separates the juvenile from the
mature is having the nuts to apologize
effectively and say that I was wrong and
that was that was an inappropriate
reaction but if you cut someone off in
traffic and you do uh-uh that's like
second-degree douchebaggery you've
dedicated you that's probably like the
thirtieth time you've done that maneuver
you've dedicated yourself to being a
jerk yeah it bothers me if he'd been
like a Lamborghini that would have been
one thing he was in a BMW it's an
expensive car but not expensive enough
to be laid hey buddy let's compare who
has more twitch prime subscriptions okay
like if you're driving the popemobile if
you're driving anything with mobile and
that includes the Oscar why Oscar Mayer
Wienermobile
then you get to do the that's a high
status vehicle if you're driving a BMW
like seventy-five thousand other people
in this city you don't get to do the uh
not with feeling good about it so anyway
if we have like we ever invent time
travel I think I'm just going to make
sure I'm driving and then run him off
the road and then punch him in the face
and then get back in the time machine
and then go back and run the events
through the way they actually happen in
real life so that in my mind I get the
satisfaction from punching him in the
face but I face no consequences for the
actions and mostly just get to have
enjoyed a guilt-free little jerk bash
session which is not an expression that
makes any sense but I digress it stuck
with me because it's just that it's a
level of heightened nonsense that I
cannot get so cynical plus I don't know
what that dudes going to do when we get
self-driving cars that's the guy I think
of when I see that Lexus ad on TV and
it's like enjoy the thrill of driving
while you still can I think of that and
I think of you know your cars skidding
on black ice crashing into the meeting
and then rolling over 180 degrees in the
in the desolate winter you know
wonderland of the sea to sky highway
enjoy the thrill of driving while you
still can
oh my god anyway I'm pretty excited for
self-driving cars we've touched on this
many time in the past though I'm not
anti driving the thrill of the open road
when there's no other cars around you
you can really let it rip red Barchetta
style there is something you know
intoxicating about it's an aphrodisiac
don't even try a buddy you know many
times I thought you blow you cannot best
me I know you inside and out mom's
contact we have the mom transformation
we did get the mom transformation we got
like five on locks per run I'm just not
sure the juice is worth the squeeze you
know when it comes to driving that is
it's like pooping sometimes a poop can
be enjoyable it's getting to be a little
bit of a gross episode Oh sometimes the
poop can be enjoyable but bear ask the
question on the LSS you said if you
could get a procedure done that made it
so you never had to poop and your body
just ran at 100% efficiency would you do
it and I thought about it because I you
know I like to give these questions the
level of detail and attention that they
deserve and I said yes here's my
reasoning in greater detail do I
sometimes enjoy a bowel movement yeah
yeah I do
you're not ashamed to admit I think when
you get a particularly nice one not only
does it feel good on a physical level
like you're getting a sense of relief
but then beyond that you feel good on
like a higher plane you're like I must
have eaten well my body is responding to
what I've eaten and as a result I've
made good decisions so you're like thank
you pass to me for eating enough fiber
it's a very fulfilling thing however do
I enjoy pooping more than not pooping
because I enjoy doing I don't work at an
office job anymore when I worked in an
office job as the eviews decision in my
life of course I would not saw what my
butthole because that I'd take advantage
of the 10 to 15-minute defecation breaks
you can take once per day at work
without your boss starting to ask
questions that's when I beat Mega Man 2
on my old lg chocolate phone drunk would
phone
don't you dare leave it at home
chocolate phone your poop freaks will be
very boring out chocolate anyway wasn't
a phone made out of chocolate we just
called an lg chocolate well I had that
phone in third grade yeah okay well you
know a phone I had in third grade a
frickin landline you know what we called
caller ID back then recognizing the
voice of the person on the phone before
they told you who it was
here's how a phone conversation went in
like you know the year 2001 most of the
time hello oh hey Ryan um who's this and
then they say oh I'm blah no way was
there like a lot of guy cell phones got
popular caller ID got popular before I
ever had to worry about this but they're
like a lot of phone fraud back then it
really seems like if you could just
sound like somebody else you could
convince other people to you know tell
you information that was private to them
maybe maybe not I don't know that's why
I'm asking the question you guys ever
have the situation where you don't even
know your own phone number anymore it's
happened it doesn't happen to me every
time but it has happened to me a couple
of times I'll be like you know signing
up for something and they'll be like
okay what's your email address and I
give them my dummy email address that
I'm never going to respond to and then
they go what's your phone number and I
go uh alright this is what it is like
it's it's stored in like a section in my
brain that's not in the RAM it's on the
hard disk it's like my brain has to spin
up and be like oh they just asked you
for a phone number okay here you go
I know three phone numbers now I used to
know when I was 12 I do 20 phone numbers
you know you need to you could always
bust out the phone book but you know you
needed your phone number
your best friends as phone numbers maybe
a pizza place phone number I don't know
you're getting left home alone with $20
bill you got a call a pizza place and
make an order sometimes and maybe like
your mother and father's place of work
right those those are the phone numbers
you have remembered now I know my phone
number my wife's phone number and 911
phone numbers I recall this could be our
last floor by the way so try to succeed
here and if they ever actually to the
point where like if it's and this is me
not joking if I don't want to ever speak
to somebody
I give them my phone number if I know
that it's important that I responded
we're going to make it just barely if I
know that it's important that I respond
to give them my wife's phone number
not because I'm passing them off but
because she actually answers her phone
and I do not because I don't want to
talk to people until I want to talk to
them it's a bad look for me at the end
of this episode but if I call somebody
that means I want to talk if you call me
I'm not in any way maybe next episode
we'll talk more about that for now
thanks for watching hope you guys
enjoyed the episode if you did click the
like button I was not a great deal of
course subscribe you wanna see more in
the future but for now thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time
[Music]